Add independent disk datasource (#349)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/d/independent_disk.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "vCloudDirector: vcd_independent_disk"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-data-source-independent-disk"
description: |-
  Provides a independent disk data source.
---

# vcd\_independent\_disk

Provides a vCloud Director Independent disk data source. A independent disk data source can be used to reference an independent disk and use its 
data within other resources or data sources.

Supported in provider *v2.5+*

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "vcd_independent_disk" "existing-disk" {
  org     = "my-org"
  vdc     = "my-vdc"
  name    = "my-disk"
}

> output "diks-size" {

Reviewer: Typo

Author: fixed

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "vCloudDirector: vcd_independent_disk"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-data-source-independent-disk"
description: |-
  Provides a independent disk data source.
---

# vcd\_independent\_disk

Provides a vCloud Director Independent disk data source. A independent disk data source can be used to reference an independent disk and use its 
data within other resources or data sources.

Supported in provider *v2.5+*

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "vcd_independent_disk" "existing-disk" {
  org     = "my-org"
  vdc     = "my-vdc"
  id      = "urn:vcloud:disk:1bbc273d-7701-4f06-97be-428b46b0805e"
  name    = "my-disk"
}
output "disk-size" {

>   value = data.vcd_independent_disk.size_in_bytes

Reviewer 2: incorrect reference. missing resource name `existing-disk`

Author: updated

> }

Reviewer: Leftover?

Author: updated

output "type_is_attached" {
  value = data.vcd_independent_disk.is_attached
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `org` - (Optional) The name of organization to use, optional if defined at provider level. Useful when connected as sysadmin working across different organisations
* `vdc` - (Optional) The name of VDC to use, optional if defined at provider level

> * `id` - (Option) Disk id or name is required. If both provided - Id is used.

Reviewer: 1. Typo in "Option"
2. Need explanation how to find the ID. A link to "Listing independent disk IDs" would help.

Author: updated

> * `name` - (Optional) Disk name

Reviewer: Need:
1. A warning that two disks with same name may be available.
2. An explanation of what happens if there are two disks with the same name.
3. When should the `id` be used instead.

Author: updated

> * `id` - (Optional) Disk id or name is required. If both provided - Id is used. Id can be found used import function [Listing independent disk IDs](/docs/providers/vcd/r/independent_disk.html#listing-independent-disk-ids) 

Reviewer: Grammar: `used` -> `by using`

Author: update

> * `name` - (Optional) Disk name.  **Warning** please use `id` as there is possibility to have a few independent disks with same name. As result datasource will fail.

Reviewer: Better: `a few independent disks` -> `more than one independent disk`

Author: updated

> * `name` - (Optional) Disk name.  **Warning** please use `id` as there is possibility to have more than one independent disk with same name. As result datasource will fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Optional) Disk name.  **Warning** please use `id` as there is possibility to have more than one independent disk with same name. As result data source will fail.
```

Author: updated
